To run this code type:

python3 spg8.py 1 2

This code demonstrates the usage of command-line arguments, mathematical operations, and function calls in Python. Here's a breakdown of the code:

    Import statement:
        The code imports the sys module, which provides access to system-specific parameters and functions.

    Command-line arguments:
        The code expects two command-line arguments to be passed when running the script (e.g., python script.py 1 2).
        It assigns the values of the command-line arguments to variables s, bi, and he using sys.argv.
        sys.argv is a list in Python that contains the command-line arguments passed to the script.
        Here, bi and he are expected to be integers, so they are converted from strings to integers using the int() function.

    Function definitions:
        The code defines three functions: main(b, c), p(), and u(pa).

    main(b, c) function:
        This function takes two parameters, b and c, and multiplies them to obtain the result d.
        It then prints the binary representation of d using bin() and the hexadecimal representation using hex().
        Finally, it returns the value of d.

    p() function:
        This function calls the main() function, passing bi and he as arguments, and assigns the result to the variable ps.
        It then calls the u() function, passing ps as an argument.

    u(pa) function:
        This function takes a parameter pa and performs a loop that runs 10 times (from i = 10 to i > 0).
        In each iteration, it calculates val as pa raised to the power of i.
        It then prints the decimal, binary, and hexadecimal representations of val using bin() and hex().
        After each iteration, i is decremented by 1.

    Function calls:
        The code calls the p() function, which starts the execution of the program.
        The p() function, in turn, calls the main() and u() functions.

In summary, this code takes two command-line arguments, performs mathematical operations on them, and prints the results in binary and hexadecimal formats. 
It demonstrates the usage of command-line arguments, function calls, and basic mathematical operations in Python.
